Reporting: Add feature toggle to retry failed rendering requests (#73739)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/enterprise-configuration/index.md

Name of the TrueType font file with italic style.

### max_retries_per_panel

> Maximum number of panel rendering request retries before returning an error. 0 means disabling the retry feature. This is available in public preview, this requires the 'reportingRetries' feature toggle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maximum number of panel rendering request retries before returning an error. To disable the retry feature, enter `0`. This is available in public preview and requires the 'reportingRetries' feature toggle.
```
